First pass at `Publisher.removeAllDuplicates` and `removeAllDuplicates(by:)`. (#7)
CombineCommunity/CombineExt: README.md

zipped: 10
```

### removeKnownDuplicates

`Publisher.removeKnownDuplicates` and `.removeKnownDuplicates(by:)` are stricter forms of Apple’s [`Publisher.removeDuplicates`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/combine/publisher/3204745-removeduplicates) and [`.removeDuplicates(by:)`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/combine/publisher/3204746-removeduplicates)—the operators de-duplicate across _all_ previous value events, instead of pairwise.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

remove extra line

> There are overloads for when `Output` either conforms to `Hashable` or `Equatable` and a predicate-based, `(Output) -> Bool` version is also provided.

Reviewer: WDYT of :
```suggestion
If your `Output` doesn't conform to `Hashable` or `Equatable`, you may instead use the predicate-based version of this operator to decide whether two elements are indeed equal.
```

["10", "2", "2", "4", "3", "8"]
```

### Distinct

> `Publisher.distinct` and `.distinct(by:)` are stricter forms of Apple’s [`Publisher.removeDuplicates`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/combine/publisher/3204745-removeduplicates) and [`.removeDuplicates(by:)`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/combine/publisher/3204746-removeduplicates)—the operators de-duplicate across _all_ previous value events, instead of pairwise.

Reviewer: The biggest issue I have is still with the name - `distinct` operators are from Rx, where here we might want to keep the same naming convention. My currrent instinct is something like `removeUniqueDuplicates`, `removeAllDuplicates` or `removeDuplicatesUniquely` but I'm very open to other variations, preferably coming from the same family.

Author: Game for `removeAllDuplicates`, I’ll rename everything `distinct`-related in an upcoming commit. 😎
